
xmcolorscale
Gene De Lisa
gene@bluestone.com

This is just a hack to that I put together while I was teaching Xlib and Motif
at NASA (KSC). Some of the questions I wanted to answer were "what does
peachpuff look like" and "what are good combinations of foreground and
background colors" along with "how do I intergrate this xlib stuff with
motif?"

It was originally written on decstations using motif 1.1, but is now
maintainted on a sparc running SunOS 4.1.3, Motif 1.2.4, and X11R5 using the
Sun K&R compiler.

Installation:
	There are 2 resource files; one is for color displays. If you
	set *customization: -color in the file you load with xrdb in your
	.xsession or .xinitrc then it will read the appropriate one. The
	included file "custo" is set up to be loaded with xrdb.

	The help files should be put in /usr/lib/X11/help. If don't want to do
	this, and just want to test them you can set XFILESEARCHPATH to the
	appropriate dir. The included file ".cshrc" sets this up for you.

	You can specify an alternative to /usr/lib/X11/rgb.txt to be read with
	the rgbFile resource.

How to use:

    Just move the appropriate scale to change the rgb component. You can also
    set the value directly in either hex or decimal in the adjacent text
    field. You can move all the scales at the same time with the gagng sclae
    (just like an audio mixer). The toggle buttons to the right of the scale
    control if they are ganged.

    There are 2 toggle buttons that specify if the background (the default) of
    the text or its foreground is changed. The current value of each (suitable
    for use in a resource file) is displayed in the text fields right under
    them.

Options menu items:

	Set another Window:

	To set the current color on another window. This works ok for the root
	window but badly for things like xterm (because it changed the window
	background and has no effect on a graphics context).

	Popup personal colors:

	You can keep a list of colors that you like. The Save button on the
	File menu will save them. You can specify a file to read with the
	personalRgbFile resource.

	Colormap:

	Popup a window that will display all of the colorcells. Pressing any
	pushbutton will display its value (both scaled to 64k and 256)

	Steal color:

	Click on another window to "read" its color


File menu items:

     Open:

     Read more colors into the scrolled list.

     Save:

     Save the personal colors to a file.
				

				
Some "hidden" features:

	The gang scale has an action to center the scale if you press the key
	"c".

	The list of colors will search incrementally for a color if you start
	typing on it. The search is restarted by pressing Escape or just
	leaving the list (losing keyboard focus).

	There is context sensitive help for a lot of the buttons but not all.
